smmtt updates per TG call on 4/30 (#48)
riscv/riscv-smmtt: glossary.adoc

| Relying party | An entity that An entity that uses the attestation process
to assesses the trustworthiness of an attester.

> | Supervisor Domains | A RISC-V privileged architecture extension defined in
> this specification, to support isolation across more than one supervisor
> execution contexts. Supervisor domains enable the reduction of the supervisor

Author: ```suggestion
| Supervisor Domain (SD) | A RISC-V privileged architecture extension defined in
this specification, to support isolation across more than one supervisor
execution context. Supervisor domains enable the reduction of the supervisor
```

processing elements within a package on a socket, the TCB boundary is the
package. In a multi-socket system the Hardware TCB extends across the
socket-to-socket interface, and is managed as one system TCB. The software TCB
may also extends across multiple sockets.

| TEE | Trusted execution environment (TEE) is a set of hardware and software
mechanisms that allow creating attestable and isolated execution environment.

| Tenant workload | All software elements owned and deployed by a single
organization that may be hosted by a platform operator e.g. cloud provider
on a platform that can host more than one organizations workload simultaneously.

> For example, in a virtualizated environment, the tenant workload elements may

Author: ```suggestion
For example, in a virtualized environment, the tenant workload elements may
```
